Once you've created your business manager it can't.
And you've added any added Kaine's pages SOP's or other assets to it.
The next step is to manage roles and permissions for those out accounts and pages that you've written.
You want to make sure that the right people have access to the right pages in the cans so that they
can start working on them.
So to do that what you need to do is come up into the top right hand side here pick on business settings
and then we're working in the first top here that really says people here and watch you can do is move
up and add new people.
So if you are a company what you could really do here is adding any employees or if you had somebody
running on your behalf.
This is where you be adding them in now.
Equally This is the process that someone will be doing if they were to hire you as a freelancer or working
on their articles.
So it's important that you understand the process from their side so that you can guide them through
them through it.
If they've any confusion about it.
So the first thing that you want to do is out the person's email address that you want to give access
to the pages eradicates.
So as an example you can just really just put in any any e-mail here you can just remove this later.
In most cases you will select them as a business manager employee and you can see that that gives them
less permissions.
They can change any business settings remove employees manage permissions etc..
So it's kind of odd and this example person in here the next step then is to assign pages to this person.
So I've just got one page in this example.
Business Manager can salsa like this here.
Next we want to assign the roles for this person for this individual page and you can see that there
are five different roles here.
Aardman editor moderator advertizer an analyst and this is really going from the most amount of permissions
and Ogmund all the way down to our analyst here you can learn more about the rules here but I'm also
going to include this link in the resources section of this video because I think it just spells it
out a little bit easier.
We can see a chart here of the permissions.
See you can see Aardman has the most amount of permissions here.
Everything the editor has a little bit less but they can manage Pedros they couldn't add new people
a moderator a little bit less responsibility again.
They can do most things sending messages responding and deleting comments removing a burning people
but they can't do things like edit ops and pages maestro's go live etc. advertiser as you can imagine
really doesn't have much to do with the individual management of the page.
More by creating and viewing sites and see who published and see who published as the page analysts
that really just has access to the insights and can give feedback on that.
Not really any access to managing the page itself.
Now life contributor seems to be a new category as you can see just allows people to go live from Mobile
device.
So I think this chart breaks it down really easily in terms of the different responsibilities all includes
in the resources section of this video.
So for now what I'm going to do is come back into my business manager here I will just select this person
as an advertiser for example then I need to select the AD account that they can have access to because
they're going to be an advertiser.
This is one of their responsibilities so they can select that.
And once again.
And to be in the Advertiser.
Now there are other things here and like product catalogs.
If I had an e-commerce business had a product catalog uploaded to my manager account then that would
appear here and I would allow them to run things like dynamic product ads etc..
For now for this account I can skip that.
So that's it.
And the person has been notified by e-mail that would have been e-mails sent to this what I can do is
cancel this invitation any time that I want and you can see that has been removed.
You can also come in here for any existing employees and you can assign assets to them in the same way.
And in that way you can really manage roles and permissions.
You don't just set it once you can change it any time.
So now that you understand how to add roles and permissions in business manager go ahead and set this
up for yourself.
Following the steps that you've learned in this video.